Space Templates in Administering eXo Platform (User Guide) (#92)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Administration.rst

       Instructions on how to manage users, groups and memberships in
       eXo Platform.

    -  :ref:`Administrating spaces <UserGuide.AdministratingSpaces>`

>        Instructions on how to manage spaces, its permissions and templates in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Instructions on how to manage spaces, thier permissions and templates in
```

>        Instructions on how to manage spaces, thier permissions and templates in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Instructions on how to manage spaces, their permissions and templates in
```

Administrating spaces 
======================

> It is possible to restrict which users can create and/or manage spaces and its templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to restrict which users can create and/or manage spaces and templates
```

through an easy to use interface .

|image305|

.. note:: By default, only the super user (i.e. **root**) is allowed to create spaces and templates and only administrators (i.e.

>           the members of the group ``*:/platform/administrators``) are allowed to manage spaces and its templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          the members of the group ``*:/platform/administrators``) are allowed to manage spaces and templates.
```

          
The spaces administration interface is accessible via the menu Administration --> Spaces.

|image306|

This Spaces menu contains two choices:

> - "Manage Templates" : The administrator can create, update, delete or even change permissions of some space templates.

Reviewer: can we really do all of this already ?

Author: Modification are done in the documentation. Can you check it please?

> - "Manage Templates" : The administrator will have the ability to create, update, delete or even change permissions of some space templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Manage Templates" : The administrator can create, update, delete or even change permissions of some space templates.
```

- "Manage Spaces" : The administrator tab displays the list of groups who can :ref:`Create <Create-Space>` or :ref:`Manage <AdministratingSpaces.ManageSpaces>` spaces. 

Manage Templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
|image322|

> The "Manage Templates" interface will display all templates that can be chosen by all space creators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Manage Templates" interface displays all templates that can be chosen by all space creators.
```

> All templates will be presented in a table with: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All templates are presented in a table with: 
```

- Template Name
- Template Description

> - Hidden status (Read Only switch button)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Visibility status 
```

- Registration
- Applications
- Banner link (specific banner for the space template)

> - Permissions (permission to view the template in the templates list in the space creation popup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permissions (permission to create a space from this template)
```

> .. note:: The Manage Template table is only for displaying all templates informations, to edit the template propreties, you have to do it manually.

Reviewer: "manually" is not clear here. If you mean by configuration, you should link to the documentation that explains how to customize tempaltes.

Author: I've just add it and wait for its documentation in the developer guide so that i can link it (not ready yet).

Administrating spaces 
======================

> It is possible to restrict which users can create and/or manage spaces and templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to restrict which users can create and/or manage spaces or use templates
```

through an easy to use interface .

|image305|

.. note:: By default, only the super user (i.e. **root**) is allowed to create spaces and templates and only administrators (i.e.

>           the members of the group ``*:/platform/administrators``) are allowed to manage spaces and templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          ``*:/platform/administrators``) are allowed to manage spaces and templates.
```

          
The spaces administration interface is accessible via the menu Administration --> Spaces.

|image306|

This Spaces menu contains two choices:

- "Manage Templates" : Lets an administrator display all space templates available 

> - "Manage Spaces" : The administrator tab displays the list of groups who can :ref:`Create <Create-Space>` or :ref:`Manage <AdministratingSpaces.ManageSpaces>` spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Manage Spaces" : Lets an administrator configure permissions for who can :ref:`Create <Create-Space>` or :ref:`Manage <AdministratingSpaces.ManageSpaces>` spaces.
```

> .. note:: the list of templates is read-only. Changing a template's details requires to edit the config file as explained here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: the list of templates is read-only. Changing a template details requires to edit the config file as explained in developers guide.
```
@hghorbel please adding link to relevant section on developers guide

Author: Done in a new commit.

> .. note:: the list of templates is read-only. Changing a template details requires to edit the config file as explained in :ref:`developers guide <PLFDevGuide.SpaceTemplates.Extend>` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Manage Templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
|image322|

The "Manage Templates" interface displays all templates that can be chosen by all space creators.

All templates are presented in a table with: 
- Name : Name of the template as shown to end users
- Description : description of the template to hint users about the intended use of the space
- Visibility status : default visibility option (visible, secret) for the space
- Registration : default registration policy for the space (open, closed, validation)
- Applications

> - Banner link : the image that will be use by default as the space banner (click to see it)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Banner link : the image that will be used by default as banner for the space (click to display)
```

- Permissions : list of groups/roles that are authorized to create a space from this template

> .. note:: The Manage Template table is only for displaying all templates informations, to edit the template propreties, you have to do it manually. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The Manage Template screen currently only allows to displaying all templates informations. Customising a space template must be done by editing config files.
```

> .. note:: The Manage Template screen currently only allows to displaying all templates informations. Customising a space template must be done by editing config files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The Manage Template screen currently only allows to displaying all templates informations. Customising a space template must be done by editing config files as explained in :ref:`developers guide <PLFDevGuide.SpaceTemplates.Extend>` 
```

Administrating spaces 
======================

It is possible to restrict which users can create and/or manage spaces and templates
through an easy to use interface .

|image305|

.. note:: By default, only the super user (i.e. **root**) is allowed to create spaces and templates and only administrators (i.e.
          the members of the group ``*:/platform/administrators``) are allowed to manage spaces and templates.
          
The spaces administration interface is accessible via the menu Administration --> Spaces.

|image306|

This Spaces menu contains two choices:

> - "Manage Templates" : The administrator will have a rich table for all templates details (Template Name, Template Description, Template Visibility, Regisration, Applications, Banner and Permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Manage Templates" : Lets an administrator display all space templates available 
```

- "Manage Spaces" : The administrator tab displays the list of groups who can :ref:`Create <Create-Space>` or :ref:`Manage <AdministratingSpaces.ManageSpaces>` spaces.

> .. note:: the Templates table is in Read Only, to edit a template, you can simply modify your template in the config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: the list of templates is read-only. Changing a template's details requires to edit the config file as explained here.
```

+ need to add link to dev guide that explains how

Manage Templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
|image322|

The "Manage Templates" interface displays all templates that can be chosen by all space creators.

All templates are presented in a table with: 

> - Template Name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Name : Name of the template as shown to end users
```

> - Template Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description : description of the template to hint users about the intended use of the space
```

> - Visibility status 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Visibility status : default visibility option (visible, secret) for the space
```

> - Registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Registration : default registration policy for the space (open, closed, validation)
```

> - Applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Applications : list of applications populated by default in the space
```

> - Banner link (specific banner for the space template)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Banner link : the image that will be use by default as the space banner (click to see it)
```

> - Permissions (permission to create a space from this template)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permissions : list of groups/roles that are authorized to create a space from this template
```

> .. note:: The Manage Template table is only for displaying all templates informations, to edit the template propreties, you have to do it manually.

Reviewer: duplicate with note above

Author: Done.

> .. note:: the list of templates is read-only. Changing a template details requires to edit the config file as explained in :ref:`developers guide <PLFDevGuide.SpaceTemplates.Extend>` .

Author: @plamarque link of the developer guide added.

Reviewer: Thanks but in fact I'm not sure the note is at the right place. There is another note below inside the Manage Telpaltes section that seems better place than this one. i would remove this pone and change the onther one to insert the link.
